The definition of a perfectionist: someone who wants to go from point A to point A+
Traveling through the Midwest, I stopped at an Ohio welcome center to pick up a state map. I found plenty of brochures but no maps. Then I spotted two employees and asked whether they had any. “Sure,” said the first guy. “I’ll get you one.” As he walked to the back, the second guy explained, “We keep them in the storage room. If we leave them out on the counter, people just come in and take them."
Two guys stole a calendar. They got six months each.
How much money does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer.
Don't interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you'll hear some crosswords.
I'm a big fan of whiteboards. I find them quite re-markable.
Which country's capital has the fastest-growing population? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
I asked my French friend if she likes to play video games. She said, "Wii."
Yesterday, a clown held the door open for me. It was such a nice jester!
The machine at the coin factory just suddenly stopped working, with no explanation. It doesn't make any cents!
I was going to make myself a belt made out of watches, but then I realized it would be a waist of time.
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? A hippo is really heavy, and a Zippo is a little lighter.
All these sea monster jokes are just Kraken me up.
Why can't you run through a campground? You can only ran, because it's past tents.
Shout out to the people who ask what the opposite of "in" is.
I'm only friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know Y
What sound does a sleeping T-Rex make? A dino-snore.
Why can't Harry Potter tell the difference between the pot he uses to make potions and his best friend? They're both cauld ron.
Thanks for explaining the word “many” to me, it means a lot
I got some shoes from my drug dealer recently, I don’t know what he laced them with, but I’ve been tripping all day..
Why did Adele cross the road? To say hello from the other side
What kind of concert only costs 45 cents? A 50 Cent concert featuring Nickelback
What did the grape say when it got crushed? Nothing, it just let out a little wine
I want to be cremated as it is my last hope for a smoking hot body
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means?? It’s not the end of the world!
To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing
I had a crazy dream last night. I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. Turns out it was just a Fanta sea..
A crazy wife says to her husband that moose are falling from the sky. The husband says, it’s reindeer.
A Mexican magician tells the audience he is going to disappear on the count of 3. He says, “uno, dos..” and then POOF he disappeared without a tres..
I saw a sign that said falling rocks, so I tried and it doesn’t.
Ladies, if he can’t appreciate your fruit jokes, you need to let that mango.
Geology rocks, but Geography is where it’s at!
I would tell you an unemployment joke, but none of them work..
What was Forrest Gump’s email password? 1forrest1
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? I heard the food was good but it had no atmosphere
I saw a girl today who had 12 nipples. Sounds crazy, dozen tit?
Can February March? No, but April May
A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage. Sadly, he lost his case.
I don’t like the term, “anal bleaching.” I prefer, “changing your ring tone.”
Why was dumbo sad? He felt irrelephant
My boyfriend just broke up with me for talking about video games to much, what a stupid thing to Fallout 4
A Harley rider eating in a restaurant is checking out a gorgeous redhead. Suddenly she sneezes and her glass eye comes flying out of its socket. The biker reaches up, snatches it out of the air, and hands it back to her. “I am so embarrassed,” the woman says. “Please join me for dinner." They enjoy a wonderful meal together and afterwards she invites him to the theatre, followed by drinks. She pays for everything. Then she asks him to her place for a nightcap, and to stay for breakfast. The next morning the guy is amazed. "Are you this nice to every biker you meet?” he asks. “Not usually,” she replies. “But you just happened to catch my eye.”
My grandpa has the heart of the lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo..
Einstein developed a theory about space, and it was about time too..
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy..
I don’t trust stairs because they’re always up to something..
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane..
I lost my mood ring and i don’t know how to feel about it..
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I’m okay, but I feel like I’ve dyed a little inside..
A man was found dead in a vat full of falafel condiments. Police are treating it as a hummuscide
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana..
I lost my watch at a party. When I went looking for it, I saw some guy stepping on it while harassing a girl. So I walked up to the dude and punched him straight in the nose because no one does that to a girl… Not on my watch!